Migration guide to @azure/identity v2 (#138)
Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth: migrate-to-identity-v2.md

- [New features](#new-features)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Provide feedback](#provide-feedback)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Install @azure/identity

Run the following command to install our new identity package:

```
npm install --save @azure/identity@^2.0.1
```

Once you're ready to remove `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, you can remove it with:

```
npm remove --save @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
```

## Find your credential

Both `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/identity` expose credential classes used by the Azure SDK clients. Some of them have the same name, like the `AzureCliCredential`, however, most of the credential names have changed:

| `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` credential name | `@azure/identity` credential name |
| --- | --- |
| ApplicationTokenCredentials | ClientSecretCredential |
| ApplicationTokenCertificateCredentials | ClientCertificateCredential |
| DeviceTokenCredentials | DeviceCodeCredential |
| MSIAppServiceTokenCredentials | ManagedIdentityCredential |
| MSITokenCredentials | ManagedIdentityCredential |
| MSIVmTokenCredentials | ManagedIdentityCredential |
| UserTokenCredentials | UsernamePasswordCredential |

> The next section shows that we have made the `@azure/identity` credentials backwards compatible with Azure clients based on `@azure/ms-rest-js`. However, the new Azure SDK clients are not compatible with the `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` credentials.

Author: I like that! I’ll do that :)

> The next section shows that we have made the `@azure/identity` credentials backwards compatible with Azure clients based on `@azure/ms-rest-js`. However, the new Azure SDK clients are not compatible with the `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` credentials.

Author: What about this table?

| | `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` | `@azure/identity` |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `@azure/ms-rest-js` ServiceClient | ✅ | ✅ |
| `@azure/azure-sdk-for-js` ServiceClient | ❌ | ✅ |

> The next section shows that we have made the `@azure/identity` credentials backwards compatible with Azure clients based on `@azure/ms-rest-js`. However, the new Azure SDK clients are not compatible with the `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` credentials.

Author: Ok I’ll resolve this comment! (We talked over teams)

    console.log(err);
  }
}

main();
```

In `@azure/identity`, all credentials have a `getToken` asynchronous method with standardized response type, `AccessToken`, which always contains only two properties, `expiresOnTimestamp`, which is a number, and `token`, which is a string.

## Pass a scope

While in `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` a `tokenAudience` could be passed through the constructor of the credentials, or a `resource` passed through the `AccessTokenOptions` of the `getAccessToken` method, in `@azure/identity`, we call them scopes, and they must be passed through the first parameter to the credentials' `getToken` method, as follows:

```diff
- import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/identity";

async function main() {
  const credential = new AzureCliCredential();
  try {
-   const accessToken = await credential.getAccessToken({ resource: "https://graph.microsoft.com/.default" });
+   const accessToken = await credential.getAccessToken("https://graph.microsoft.com/.default");
    console.log(accessToken);
  } catch (err) {
    console.log(err);
  }
}

main();
```

## Authenticate with national clouds

> While for `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` you would use `@azure/ms-rest-azure-env` to specify a national cloud, on `@azure/identity`, you will need to provide an `authorityHost` through the credentials' constructor and the correct `scope` through the `getToken` method.

Author: Since the quote ` is a special one. I’m expecting people to copy this fragment as if they copied code 🤔 the comma could be a problem then.

> While for `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` you would use `@azure/ms-rest-azure-env` to specify a national cloud, on `@azure/identity`, you will need to provide an `authorityHost` through the credentials' constructor and the correct `scope` through the `getToken` method.

Author: oh, the comma outside of ` makes sense. I’ll add it.

> # Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity@^2.0.1

Author: The version number was a direct recommendation from Scott Addie. @scottaddie . Here are his words from our teams chat:

> The nice thing about including the version in the heading is that you're setting expectations right up front. It gives you some time to update the guide after the next major release ships.

> # Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity@^2.0.1

Reviewer: Fair point that some points here may not apply to v3 of Identity in the future. In that case, can we include v1 in here? My concern is that if someone is using both ms-rest-nodeauth and `@azure/identity` v1 in their application today, they might be led to think that they can only move to v2 of identity from ms-rest-nodeauth

How about something like this:

```suggestion
# Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity v1 or v2
```

> # Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity@^2.0.1

Reviewer: Fair point that some points here may not apply to v3 of Identity in the future. In that case, can we include v1 in here? My concern is that if someone is using both ms-rest-nodeauth and `@azure/identity` v1 in their application today, they might be led to think that they can only move to v2 of identity from ms-rest-nodeauth

How about something like this:

```suggestion
# Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity v1 or v2
```

> # Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity@^2.0.1

Reviewer: Fair point that some points here may not apply to v3 of Identity in the future. In that case, can we include v1 in here? My concern is that if someone is using both ms-rest-nodeauth and `@azure/identity` v1 in their application today, they might be led to think that they can only move to v2 of identity from ms-rest-nodeauth

How about something like this:

```suggestion
# Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity v1 or v2
```

> # Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity@^2.0.1

Author: I can make a more subtle comment in the first paragraph body instead, saying that migrating to Identity v1 also applies, but that we recommend users to migrate to v2 directly. How does that sound?

> # Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity@^2.0.1

Reviewer: Never mind, I see that we talk about the plugin packages under the new features section which applies only to v2. I like the recent change from 2.0.1 to v2 though :)

> # Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity@^2.0.1

Reviewer: Unresolving this thread as I still see 2.0.1. I thought at some point we moved to using "v2" instead?

```suggestion
# Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity v2
```

[npm-ms-rest-nodeauth]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
[npm-azure-identity]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity

[`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] is deprecated in favor of [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity].
Our new Identity package supports the same authentication scenarios as `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`,

> and includes a variety of new features in a way that remains consistent across languages.

Author: > For now, this seems to be the only reason we are giving as to why Microsoft decided to create a whole new package for Identity.

I read this paragraph very differently. I read that there are “a variety of new features” and that they only happen to be more consistent with other languages, but I don’t read that the cross-language element is the main reason to upgrade.

> and includes a variety of new features in a way that remains consistent across languages.

Author: We have a section where we talk about the new features. We can mention some of them here, but I’d rather keep it simple.

> and includes a variety of new features in a way that remains consistent across languages.

Reviewer: I did not mean to suggest that we should list the new features here. I was thinking of having something in here that would shed light on why Microsoft decided to invest in a new package altogether. We can do this outside of this PR.

> and includes a variety of new features in a way that remains consistent across languages.

Author: I’m not sure how to talk on behalf of Microsoft. All that I can think of at the moment is to say that “due to breaking changes, and the addition of many good features” — do we need to justify moving to v2 if we’re deprecating this package? Any help appreciated 🙏

> and includes a variety of new features in a way that remains consistent across languages.

Reviewer: How about this:

> The `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` package is mainly used to authenticate requests sent by packages that talk to the Azure Resource Manager. These packages have names starting with `@azure/arm-`. By mid 2021, these packages started supporting authentication mechanisms from the newer `@azure/identity` package. New major versions of these packages in 2022 will be dropping support for `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` altogether. 

I am repeating a few points in both these paragraphs intentionally to drive home the point that all this is only for the mgmt plane packages

> This document outlines the steps needed to migrate from using `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` to `@azure/identity` when authenticating requests sent from the packages that talk to Azure Resource Manager i.e. the ones with names starting from `@azure/arm-`. Please ignore this document if you are using `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` with any other Azure packages.

> and includes a variety of new features in a way that remains consistent across languages.

Author: I like that! Thank you!

I am working on the changes here: https://gist.github.com/sadasant/0c757f83f63aeb8c5a4c8fc2a62aa0fd I will push to this PR after a couple of re-reads.

> and includes a variety of new features in a way that remains consistent across languages.

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/cf1594e91954892a5f4f1d394705d91792157665 feedback always appreciated!

Also, cc: @scottaddie

We also include a summary of the new features only available through `@azure/identity`.

## Table of contents

- [Install @azure/identity](#install-azureidentity)
- [Find your credential](#find-your-credential)
- [Compatible with ms-rest-js](#compatible-with-ms-rest-js)
- [Use getToken](#use-gettoken)
- [Pass a scope](#pass-a-scope)
- [Authenticate with national clouds](#authenticate-with-national-clouds)
- [New features](#new-features)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Provide feedback](#provide-feedback)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Install @azure/identity

Run the following command to install our new identity package:

```
npm install --save @azure/identity@^2.0.1
```

Once you're ready to remove `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, you can remove it with:

```
npm remove --save @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
```

## Find your credential

Both `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/identity` expose credential classes used by the Azure SDK clients. Some of them have the same name, like the `AzureCliCredential`, however, most of the credential names have changed:

| `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` credential name | `@azure/identity` credential name |
| --- | --- |

> | ApplicationTokenCredentials | ClientSecretCredential |

Author: > Also, from what I have seen, all samples use these methods instead of instantiating the credentials directly. This might be because these methods take care of passing the default values for most of the parameters required by the credential constructor.

At this point I really believe that the `login*` methods were implemented to make it easier for users to handle authentication errors. Also because sometimes authenticating up front before calling to client methods is the better approach, given that developers have full control of the authentication flow, the error handling and when or when not to try more things before SDK client methods are called.

The equivalent to the `login*` methods in Identity si the `getToken` method. Instead of calling to `login*` and receiving a credential (and subscriptions) before passing the credential to the track 1 clients, we can indicate users to:

1. Instantiate the Identity credential.
2. Call to `getToken()` with the desired scope.
3. Then, if things go well, use the SDK client.

> | ApplicationTokenCredentials | ClientSecretCredential |

Author: > we can show one line code to show how to create the credential? The table would then have the below columns…

I like this idea. I’m not sure if it will look well in a table, but I think some code would be a good idea. I’ll think about it.

> | ApplicationTokenCredentials | ClientSecretCredential |

Author: I’m thinking I could move the “use getToken” section here before expanding on what `login*(` methods are equivalent to what credentials. I’ll push that in a bit to see how it looks.

> | ApplicationTokenCredentials | ClientSecretCredential |

Author: I have pushed a change that re-thinks these sections here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/eb792c09f5f9588399bd3c5db3a7e4c379f7edad

In the new approach, instead of having a `getToken` section, the `Find your credential` section is expanded into 4 sections, `Login methods versus the new credentials`, `Use getToken`, `AuthFile to AzureCliCredential` and `Retrieving subscriptions`.

In the `Login methods versus the new credentials` section, I expand on the login methods, first saying that generally they are not needed with the new SDK clients, then showing what each login method translates to when the new credentials are used, then mentioning how to approach the `getToken` method with the new credentials, including comments on when it might be necessary to call to `getToken` directly.

Let me know how it looks!

> | ApplicationTokenCredentials | ClientSecretCredential |

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/cf1594e91954892a5f4f1d394705d91792157665 feedback always appreciated!

Also, cc: @scottaddie

| ApplicationTokenCertificateCredentials | ClientCertificateCredential |
| DeviceTokenCredentials | DeviceCodeCredential |
| MSIAppServiceTokenCredentials | ManagedIdentityCredential |
| MSITokenCredentials | ManagedIdentityCredential |
| MSIVmTokenCredentials | ManagedIdentityCredential |
| UserTokenCredentials | UsernamePasswordCredential |

The next section shows that we have made the `@azure/identity` credentials backwards compatible with Azure clients based on `@azure/ms-rest-js`. However, the new Azure SDK clients are not compatible with the `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` credentials.

| | `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` | `@azure/identity` |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `@azure/ms-rest-js` ServiceClient | ✅ | ✅ |
| `@azure/azure-sdk-for-js` ServiceClient | ❌ | ✅ |

> ## Compatible with ms-rest-js

Reviewer: I am hesitant to mention ms-rest-js in this document. Most customers who use the ms-rest-nodeauth package would be doing so because the azure package they wanted to use said so in its readme or they might have seen some samples. The fact that such azure packages depend on ms-rest-js would not be something that is very evident to them.

How about saying something like the below and skipping the entire section `Compatible with ms-rest-js` as well as the table you have a few lines above?

> Any Azure package that you authenticated using a credential from `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` will take credentials from the new `@azure/identity` package. If you see errors, first ensure that you have the latest version of the Azure package. If that still does not work, please log an issue at https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js and we will see how to help you.

Author: Is there a better way to group all of the track 1 package in a bag? I’m not sure if every user will understand that newer packages are not compatible with `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`.

Since `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` is generally used to authenticate clients compatible with `@azure/ms-rest-js`, we have been working to adapt `@azure/ms-rest-js-` packages to be compatible with `@azure/identity` credentials. Today, you can pass any `@azure/identity` credential to a `ServiceClient` and the authentication will work as usual:

```diff
- import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import * as msRest from "@azure/ms-rest-js";

async function main() {
  const credential = new AzureCliCredential();
  const client = new msRest.ServiceClient(credential);
  try {
    const req: msRest.RequestPrepareOptions = {
      url: `https://management.azure.com/<path>`,
      method: "GET",
    };

    client.sendRequest(req).then(function (res: msRest.HttpOperationResponse) {
      console.log(res.bodyAsText);
    });
  } catch (err) {
    console.log(err);
  }
}

main();
```

## Use getToken

> Besides credentials, `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` also exposed methods to retrieve tokens outside of the Azure service clients. These methods were usually prefixed by `loginWith` or ending in `login`, like `loginWithServicePrincipalSecretWithAuthResponse` or `interactiveLogin`. The `@azure/identity` package does not expose equivalent methods. To retrieve access tokens outside of the Azure SDK clients, we recommend calling the credentials `getToken` directly.

Author: I have pushed a change that re-thinks these sections here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/eb792c09f5f9588399bd3c5db3a7e4c379f7edad

In the new approach, there’s a section called `Retrieving subscriptions` which focuses on the difference between the old `AuthResponse` and how one would retrieve subscriptions with the new Identity package.

async function main() {
+ const credential = new DeviceCodeCredential();
  try {
-   const authres = await msRestNodeAuth.interactiveLogin();
-   console.log(authres);
+   const accessToken = await credential.getToken("https://graph.microsoft.com/.default");
+   console.log(accessToken);
  } catch (err) {
    console.log(err);
  }
}

main();
```

In `@azure/identity`, all credentials have a `getToken` asynchronous method with standardized response type, `AccessToken`, which always contains only two properties, `expiresOnTimestamp`, which is a number, and `token`, which is a string.

## Pass a scope

While in `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` a `tokenAudience` could be passed through the constructor of the credentials, or a `resource` passed through the `AccessTokenOptions` of the `getAccessToken` method, in `@azure/identity`, we call them **scopes**, and they must be passed through as the first parameter to the credentials' `getToken` method, as follows:

```diff
- import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/identity";

async function main() {
  const credential = new AzureCliCredential();
  try {

> -   const accessToken = await credential.getAccessToken({ resource: "https://graph.microsoft.com/.default" });

Reviewer: This passing of resource to credential.getAccessToken is an internal implementation detail and customers never had to do this. What they did was pass the `tokenAudience`  to the client constructor (or that exported method that creates the credentials) so that it gets used internally when the getAccessToken() is called by the service client.

Telling customers to now pass scope does not help, because it is the Azure package and not the customer that is calling  getToken()

What we need to document here is that if the customer was passing the tokenAudience when creating a credential so that it can be used with an Azure package, then we don't have a migration for them yet. For example, the `@azure/batch` package falls under this scenario. If you recall, we tried really hard to make `@azure/identity` work with `@azure/batch`, but later abandoned it as it was too much effort and we'd rather wait for batch to get to Track 2.

Author: > Telling customers to now pass scope does not help, because it is the Azure package and not the customer that is calling getToken()

This is only correct in the “happy path” scenarios, which are optimistic at best. Many users do need to call to `getToken` directly.

Author: I have pushed a change that re-thinks these sections here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/eb792c09f5f9588399bd3c5db3a7e4c379f7edad

In the `Login methods versus the new credentials` section, I expand on the login methods, first saying that generally they are not needed with the new SDK clients, then showing what each login method translates to when the new credentials are used, then mentioning how to approach the `getToken` method with the new credentials, including comments on when it might be necessary to call to `getToken` directly.

In the `Pass a scope` section I also talk about the differences between `tokenAudience` and scope. I link users to the documentation for scopes and subscriptions in Azure as well.

Let me know how it looks!

+   const accessToken = await credential.getAccessToken("https://graph.microsoft.com/.default");
    console.log(accessToken);
  } catch (err) {
    console.log(err);
  }
}

main();
```

## Authenticate with national clouds

> While for `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, you would use `@azure/ms-rest-azure-env` to specify a national cloud, on `@azure/identity`, you will need to provide an `authorityHost` through the credentials' constructor and the correct `scope` through the `getToken` method.

Reviewer: > and the correct `scope` through the `getToken` method.

Why would the customer need to do this?

Author: Controlling authentication outside of the SDK clients is not an internal implementation detail. Many authentication scenarios require developers to make their own credentials, and to call to `getToken` (or the newer `authenticate()` method on their own.

For this specific section, scopes can vary from cloud to cloud.

If users call to `getToken` directly, they need to be very aware of what they’re sending on the scope. A specific example is on the `OnBehalfOfCredential`, where they need to use a new URI created exclusively for an AAD application as the scope.

Author: I have updated how this document is structured. In this commit: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/eb792c09f5f9588399bd3c5db3a7e4c379f7edad I am trying several improvements based on your feedback. I’m also attempting to explain when and why to use `getToken`, and what it means to pass scopes to `getToken`.

Reviewer: > If users call to getToken directly, they need to be very aware of what they’re sending on the scope. A specific example is on the OnBehalfOfCredential, where they need to use a new URI created exclusively for an AAD application as the scope.

This migration guide is for customers using ms-rest-nodeauth who would not be using anything like the OnBehalfOfCredential today. I would expect the scenario where they call `getToken()` directly to be an advanced scenario. Therefore, if you want to make sure it is covered, I would move it to the end of this section.
- Remove ` and the correct `scope` through the `getToken` method` from the above
- Add a line after the code snippets that show how to work with national clouds like `If you need the access token separately, pass the correct scope to the getToken() method on the credential`

Author: Ok on removing that getToken reference from that paragraph!

What about this at the end of this section?

> If you need the access token separately, make sure to provide the correct scope to the `getToken()` method of the credential. More information about the `getToken()` method in the [If you use getToken](#if-you-use-gettoken) section.

Author: I like that! Thank you!

I am working on the changes here: https://gist.github.com/sadasant/0c757f83f63aeb8c5a4c8fc2a62aa0fd I will push to this PR after a couple of re-reads.

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/cf1594e91954892a5f4f1d394705d91792157665 feedback always appreciated!

Also, cc: @scottaddie

`@azure/identity` offers a utility object `AzureAuthorityHosts` that contains authority hosts of common national clouds. Here's an example on how to authenticate with national clouds using `@azure/identity`:

```ts
import { AzureAuthorityHosts, ClientSecretCredential } from "@azure/identity";
const credential = new ClientSecretCredential(
  "<YOUR_TENANT_ID>",
  "<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>",
  "<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>",
  {
    authorityHost: AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureGovernment
  }
);
```

> If you're using `@azure/ms-rest-js`, you also need to specify a `baseUri` on the `ServiceClient`, pointing to the correct scope in the national cloud you're working with. A complete example follows:

Reviewer: Can we avoid mentioning ms-rest-js here for the same reason as I mentioned in another comment in this PR?

```suggestion
As before, you will continue to specify a `baseUri` when creating the client in the Azure package to point to the correct scope in the national cloud you're working with. A complete example follows:
```

Author: what about “if you’re using track 1 SDK clients, you will continue to specify…” ?

```diff
- import { ApplicationTokenCredentials } from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { ClientSecretCredential, AzureAuthorityHosts } from "@azure/identity";
- import { Environment } from "@azure/ms-rest-azure-env";

import * as msRest from "@azure/ms-rest-js";
import * as dotenv from "dotenv";

dotenv.config();

const clientId = process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_ID;
const domain = process.env.AZURE_TENANT_ID;
const tenantId = process.env.AZURE_TENANT_ID;
const secret = "process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET;
const tokenAudience = "https://graph.microsoft.com/";
- const environment = Environment.ChinaCloud;

async function main() {
- const credential = new ApplicationTokenCredentials(clientId, domain, secret, tokenAudience, environment);
+ const credential = new ClientSecretCredential(tenantId, clientId, secret, tokenAudience, {
+  authorityHost: AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureChina
+ });

>   const client = new msRest.ServiceClient(credential, {

Reviewer: Customers are likely to be using one of the Azure packages. So, if we are going to have an example, why not use one of the Azure packages instead of ServiceClient which wont be useful on its own to anyone?

Author: I have pushed a change that uses the SubscriptionClient in this example.

| `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` login methods | `@azure/identity` credential name |
| --- | --- |
| `interactiveLogin` and `interactiveLoginWithAuthResponse` which return `DeviceTokenCredentials` | `DeviceCodeCredential` |
| `loginWithUsernamePassword` and `loginWithUsernamePasswordWithAuthResponse` which return `UserTokenCredentials` | `UsernamePasswordCredential` |
| `loginWithServicePrincipalSecret` and `loginWithServicePrincipalSecretWithAuthResponse` which return `ApplicationTokenCredentials` | `ClientSecretCredential` |
| `loginWithAuthFile` and `loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse` | `@azure/identity` does not currently support reading authentication details from a file. Use other credentials, such as `ClientSecretCredential` or `ClientCertificateCredential` |
| `loginWithVmMSI`, which returns `MSIVmTokenCredentials` | `ManagedIdentityCredential` |
| `loginWithAppServiceMSI`, which returns `MSIAppServiceTokenCredentials` | `ManagedIdentityCredential` |
| `loginWithServicePrincipalCertificate` and `loginWithServicePrincipalCertificateWithAuthResponse`, which return `ApplicationTokenCertificateCredentials` | `ClientCertificateCredential` |

> | `AzureCliCredentials` | [`AzureCliCredential`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#authenticating-a-user-account-with-azure-cli) |

Reviewer: I see that we have now added a link to the examples we have in the AzureIdentityExamples.md file. Why not do the same for other rows in this table?

Author: Makes sense! I will add those links 👍

Author: Added here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/025781add74bcbe733ea751bebff7e71e2cf97ed

# Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity v2

[npm-ms-rest-nodeauth]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
[npm-azure-identity]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity

> The [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] package is mainly used to authenticate requests on packages with names that start with `@azure/arm-`, which interact with the Azure Resource Manager. The newer [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity] package supports all the authentication mechanisms supported by [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] package is mainly used to authenticate requests to the Azure Resource Manager from packages with names that start with `@azure/arm-`. The newer [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity] package supports all the authentication mechanisms supported by [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] and more.
```

This document outlines the steps needed to migrate from [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] to [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity] when working with the packages that talk to Azure Resource Manager (i.e. the ones with names starting from `@azure/arm-`). Please ignore this document if you are using [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] with other Azure packages.

Important dates:

> - **By mid 2021**, the `@azure/arm-` packages started supporting [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **By mid 2021**, the `@azure/arm-` packages started supporting credentials from [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity] and `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` side by side.
```

> - **Starting on December 2021**, new major versions of the `@azure/arm-` packages will be dropping support for [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Starting on December 2021**, new major versions of the `@azure/arm-` packages will be dropping support for [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] altogether and will only support credentials from `@azure/identity`.
```

## Table of contents

- [Install @azure/identity](#install-azureidentity)
- [Find your credential](#find-your-credential)
- [Authenticate with national clouds](#authenticate-with-national-clouds)
- [List subscriptions](#list-subscriptions)
- [AuthFile to AzureCliCredential](#authfile-to-azureclicredential)
- [If you use getToken](#if-you-use-gettoken)
- [Regarding scopes](#regarding-scopes)
- [New features](#new-features)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Provide feedback](#provide-feedback)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Install @azure/identity

> Run the following command to install the new Identity client library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to install the new Identity client library in your existing project:
```

```
npm install --save @azure/identity@^2.0.1
```

> Once you're ready to remove `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, remove it with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you're ready to remove `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` from your project, either remove it manually from the `package.json` file or remove it with:
```

```
npm remove --save @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
```

## Find your credential

> Both `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/identity` expose credential classes used by the Azure SDK clients. Besides credentials, `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` also exposes methods that retrieve a credential with the list of subscriptions related to the authenticated account — these methods are prefixed with `loginWith` or suffixed with `Login`, for example, `loginWithServicePrincipalSecretWithAuthResponse` or `interactiveLogin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/identity` expose credential classes used by the Azure SDK clients. 

The `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` package also exposes methods that return the credential after making an initial call to get the access token using the same credential. Each of these methods have a counterpart whose name ends with `withAuthResponse` which does the same, but also returns a list of subscriptions related to the authenticated account.

The new `@azure/identity` package does not expose such methods. You will need to use the `@azure/arm-subscriptions` package to fetch the subscriptions.
```

> The following table lists credentials and login methods from `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and their equivalent credentials in `@azure/identity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists login methods from `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` along with the credential they return and their equivalent credentials in `@azure/identity`.
```

| `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` login method | `@azure/identity` credential name |
| --- | --- |
| `interactiveLogin`, which results in a `DeviceTokenCredentials` | `DeviceCodeCredential` |
| `loginWithUsernamePassword`, which results in a `UserTokenCredentials` | `UsernamePasswordCredential` |

> | `loginWithUsernamePasswordWithAuthResponse`, which results in a `UserTokenCredentials` and a list of subscriptions. | `UsernamePasswordCredential`. See the [list subscriptions](#list-subscriptions) section. |

Reviewer: In one of my suggestions above I describe how the methods with suffixes `withAuthResponse` differ from others. So, we can now combine the two rows here into a single one

> `loginWithUsernamePassword` and `loginWithUsernamePasswordWithAuthResponse` which return `UserTokenCredentials`

Also, I am thinking it would help to add a column in the beginning that describes the scenario for when one would want to use the credential in that row. But, this can come later after this PR is merged

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/36e4b39cc3626b55827a3c3f79ac9cb269207e79

Reviewer: This comment applies to all other rows in this table, not just the ones about the user name password credentials. In case of `interactiveLogin`, the counterpart is `interactiveLoginWithAuthResponse`
```

Author: Thanks for clarifying!

Author: Updated. See: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/9bc75f13336f58e21dc979c6a14780d6ce116560

Reviewer: My comment about interactiveLogin and interactiveLoginWithAuthResponse above is still not addressed :(

Author: Ohh I didn’t have `interactiveLoginWithAuthResponse`. I didn’t notice it last night.

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/d453c5823fcb0082c97023b71429430e814cc54a

| `loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse`, when it results in an `ApplicationTokenCredentials` and a list of subscriptions. | `AzureCliCredential`. See [AuthFile to AzureCliCredential](#authfile-to-azureclicredential) section and the [list subscriptions](#list-subscriptions) section. |
| `loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse`, when it results in an `ApplicationTokenCertificateCredentials` and a list of subscriptions. | `ClientCertificateCredential`. See [AuthFile to AzureCliCredential](#authfile-to-azureclicredential) section and the [list subscriptions](#list-subscriptions) section. |
| `loginWithVmMSI`, which results in a `MSIVmTokenCredentials` | `ManagedIdentityCredential` |
| `loginWithAppServiceMSI`, which results in an `MSIAppServiceTokenCredentials` | `ManagedIdentityCredential` |
| `loginWithServicePrincipalCertificate`, which results in an `ApplicationTokenCertificateCredentials` | `ClientCertificateCredential` |
| `loginWithServicePrincipalCertificateWithAuthResponse`, which results in an `ApplicationTokenCertificateCredentials` and a list of subscriptions. | `ClientCertificateCredential`. See the [list subscriptions](#list-subscriptions) section. |

> Our HTTP pipelines will manage the authentication, including the caching and refreshing of tokens internally. After passing the credentials to the SDK clients, developers can focus directly on calling the client methods. For example:

Reviewer: How is this different from what we had before?

Author: Just to introduce a code example.

import * as dotenv from "dotenv";

dotenv.config();

const clientId = process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_ID;
const domain = process.env.AZURE_TENANT_ID;
const tenantId = process.env.AZURE_TENANT_ID;
const secret = "process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET;
const tokenAudience = "https://graph.microsoft.com/";
- const environment = Environment.ChinaCloud;

async function main() {
- const credential = new ApplicationTokenCredentials(clientId, domain, secret, tokenAudience, environment);
+ const credential = new ClientSecretCredential(tenantId, clientId, secret, tokenAudience, {
+  authorityHost: AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureChina
+ });
  const client = new SubscriptionClient(credential, {
-  baseUri: environment.resourceManagerEndpointUrl,
+  baseUri: "https://management.chinacloudapi.cn"
  });

  const subscriptions = await client.subscriptions.list();
  console.log(subscriptions);
}

main().catch(console.error);
```

If you need the access token separately, make sure to provide the correct scope to the `getToken()` method of the credential. More information about the `getToken()` method in the [If you use getToken](#if-you-use-gettoken) section.

### List subscriptions

> While the `loginWith*` methods of the `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` return an `AuthResponse` type containing the authenticated credentials and a list of subscriptions, retrieving Azure subscriptions isn't integrated in the `@azure/identity` package. This feature is available through the external [`@azure/arm-subscriptions`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-subscriptions) package.

Reviewer: There are methods that start with `loginWith` that do not return the auth response

```suggestion
While the `*WithAuthResponse methods of the `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` return an `AuthResponse` type containing the authenticated credentials and a list of subscriptions, retrieving Azure subscriptions isn't integrated in the `@azure/identity` package. This feature is available through the external [`@azure/arm-subscriptions`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-subscriptions) package.
```

async function main() {
+ const credential = new AzureCliCredential();
- const authres = await msRestNodeAuth.msRestNodeAuth.loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse({
-   filePath: "<file path to auth file>",
- });
- console.log(authres);
- const credential = authres.credentials;

  const client = new SubscriptionClient(credential);
  const subscriptions = await client.subscriptions.list();
  console.log(subscriptions);
}

main().catch(console.error);
```

### If you use getToken

If direct control of the authentication flow is necessary, call the credential `getToken` method directly.

In `@azure/identity`, all credentials have an asynchronous `getToken` method with standardized response type `AccessToken`. `AccessToken` always contains only two properties:

- `expiresOnTimestamp`, which is a number.
- `token`, which is a string.

Consider the following example of migrating from the `interactiveLogin()` method to the `DeviceCodeCredential`'s `getToken` method:

```diff
- import * as msRestNodeAuth from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { DeviceCodeCredential } from "@azure/identity";

async function main() {
- const authres = await msRestNodeAuth.interactiveLogin();

> - console.log(authres);

Reviewer: Are you sure `authres` has the access token? From what I recall, these login methods did not store the access token in the object that they return

Author: no, authres does not have the access token, but it should have a credential that will have a token already cached. I’ll update this

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/36e4b39cc3626b55827a3c3f79ac9cb269207e79 how does it look?

# Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity v2

[npm-ms-rest-nodeauth]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
[npm-azure-identity]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity

The [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] package is mainly used to authenticate requests to the Azure Resource Manager from packages with names that start with `@azure/arm-`. The newer [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity] package supports all the authentication mechanisms supported by [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] and more.

> This document outlines the steps needed to migrate from [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] to [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity] when working with the packages that talk to Azure Resource Manager (i.e. the ones with names starting from `@azure/arm-`). Please ignore this document if you are using [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] with other Azure packages.

Reviewer: It would have been really funny if this comment was "Please avoid using the word "please""

> This document outlines the steps needed to migrate from [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] to [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity] when working with the packages that talk to Azure Resource Manager (i.e. the ones with names starting from `@azure/arm-`). Please ignore this document if you are using [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] with other Azure packages.

Reviewer 2: I'll save that comment for next time. :-)

This document outlines the steps needed to migrate from [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] to [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity] when working with the packages that talk to Azure Resource Manager (i.e. the ones with names starting from `@azure/arm-`). Ignore this document if you're using [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] with other Azure packages.

Important dates:

- **By mid 2021**, the `@azure/arm-` packages started supporting credentials from [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity] and `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` side-by-side.
- **As of December 2021**, new major versions of the `@azure/arm-` packages only support credential types from `@azure/identity`. Support for [`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] was dropped.

## Table of contents

- [Install @azure/identity](#install-azureidentity)
- [Find your credential](#find-your-credential)
- [Authenticate with national clouds](#authenticate-with-national-clouds)
- [List subscriptions](#list-subscriptions)
- [AuthFile to AzureCliCredential](#authfile-to-azureclicredential)
- [If you use getToken](#if-you-use-gettoken)

> - [Regarding scopes](#regarding-scopes)

Reviewer: Can we put the getToken and scopes related section under a new header called `Advanced Scenarios`?

Author: Sure!

> - [New features](#new-features)

Reviewer: Lets rename this section to `New features in @azure/identity` to make it clear that there are no new features in ms-rest-nodeauth :)

Author: Can do!

- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Provide feedback](#provide-feedback)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Install @azure/identity

Run the following command to install the new Identity client library in your existing project:

```
npm install --save @azure/identity@^2.0.1
```

Once you're ready to remove `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` from your project, either remove it manually from the `package.json` file or remove it with:

```
npm remove --save @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
```

## Find your credential

Both `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/identity` expose credential classes used by the Azure SDK clients. 

The `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` package also exposes methods that return the credential after making an initial call to get the access token using the same credential. Each of these methods have a counterpart whose name ends with `withAuthResponse` which does the same, but also returns a list of subscriptions related to the authenticated account.

> The new `@azure/identity` package does not expose such methods. You will need to use the `@azure/arm-subscriptions` package to fetch the subscriptions.

Reviewer: We should link to the "list subscriptions" section from here.

```suggestion
The new `@azure/identity` package does not expose such methods. You will need to use the `@azure/arm-subscriptions` package to fetch the subscriptions. See the [list subscriptions section](#list-subscriptions) in this document for more details.
```

The following table lists login methods from `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` along with the credential they return and their equivalent credentials in `@azure/identity`.

> | `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` login method | `@azure/identity` credential name |

Reviewer: I think the plural form reads better especially since we are covering more than 1 method in each row now

```suggestion
| `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` login methods | `@azure/identity` credential name |
```

| --- | --- |
| `interactiveLogin` and `interactiveLoginWithAuthResponse` which return `DeviceTokenCredentials` | `DeviceCodeCredential`. See the [list subscriptions](#list-subscriptions) section. |
| `loginWithUsernamePassword` and `loginWithUsernamePasswordWithAuthResponse` which return `UserTokenCredentials` | `UsernamePasswordCredential`. See the [list subscriptions](#list-subscriptions) section. |

> | `loginWithServicePrincipalSecret`, which returns `ApplicationTokenCredentials` | `ClientSecretCredential` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `loginWithServicePrincipalSecret` and `loginWithServicePrincipalSecretWithAuthResponse` which return `ApplicationTokenCredentials` | `ClientSecretCredential` |
```

> | `loginWithAuthFile` and `loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse`, when they return `ApplicationTokenCredentials` | `AzureCliCredential`. See [AuthFile to AzureCliCredential](#authfile-to-azureclicredential) section and the [list subscriptions](#list-subscriptions) section. |
> | `loginWithAuthFile` and `loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse`, when they return `ApplicationTokenCertificateCredentials` | `ClientCertificateCredential`. See [AuthFile to AzureCliCredential](#authfile-to-azureclicredential) section and the [list subscriptions](#list-subscriptions) section. |

Reviewer: the above two rows can be combined

```suggestion
| `loginWithAuthFile` and `loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse` which return either `ApplicationTokenCredentials` or `ApplicationTokenCertificateCredentials` | `AzureCliCredential`. See [AuthFile to AzureCliCredential](#authfile-to-azureclicredential) section and the [list subscriptions](#list-subscriptions) section.|
```

Author: Not quite! In one case it’s equivalent to `AzureCliCredential` and in the other they’re equivalent to `ClientCertificateCredential`.

Reviewer: If the second one is equivalent to ClientCertifcateCredential... why are we still pointing to `AuthFile to AzureCliCredential`?

Author: `loginWithAuthFile` is really weird because it intends to be a form of authentication compatible with the Azure CLI, but since there’s no AzureCliCredential in this package, underneath it uses the existing credentials, like the Secret or the Certififcate credential, to fulfill requests.

So, depending on the composition of the `AuthFile`, it may pick to authenticate with a secret or a certificate… But, it’s intended to authenticate with the CLI.

So, I am trying to say that, generally speaking, `loginWithAuthFile` is meant to allow developers to authenticate with the Azure CLI, but if you were using certificates on the `authFile`, you should use the `ClientCertificateCredential`.

Reviewer: In that case, for the second row for when we talk about ClientCertificateCredential, we dont need to point to the AzureCliCredential section right?

Reviewer: >  but since there’s no AzureCliCredential in this package, underneath it uses the existing credentials, like the Secret or the Certififcate credential, to fulfill requests.

ms-rest-nodeauth does export AzureCliCredentials

Author: Good point! — Let me rephrase what I said:

There’s no `AuthFile` credential in `@azure/identity`. The closest we have is the `AzureCliCredential`, since the `AuthFile` is intended to be generated by the Azure CLI.

In the cases where users may want to authenticate with certificates, the `ClientCertificateCredential` is the way to go.

What if I add a small paragraph indicating when to use the `ClientCertificateCredential` here? https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/cd452d0b5151509e69e2b43711beb2ca7f7ac8fd#diff-2360674cdb2156b7be6830fb810e12783de24798cd86a0377a9018bb008f97acR224

Reviewer: We have `AzureCliCredentials` exposed from ms-rest-nodeauth. So, for users who are fine with using just `az login` would have been using that credential.

I wonder if users of the loginWithFile* methods are using that more for the feature that they can pass around the file for auth purposes across machines or create the file once and run their code without having to be logged in via `az login` when the code runs.

Author: We met and here’s the plan moving forward:

- Since `@azure/identity` does not have a credential that works with `AuthFiles`, point users to use the service principal credentials (`ClientSecretCredential` and `ClientCertificateCredential`) instead of pointing them to use the `AzureCliCredential`, since the AuthFile is expected to contain service principal information.
- Mention that `AzureCliCredential` is about the same in both projects.
- Remove the entire section `AuthFile to AzureCliCredential`.

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/1c4be0ceaa6f5c3b9f4771787be7f7126e36cd4b

| `loginWithVmMSI`, which returns `MSIVmTokenCredentials` | `ManagedIdentityCredential` |
| `loginWithAppServiceMSI`, which returns `MSIAppServiceTokenCredentials` | `ManagedIdentityCredential` |

> | `loginWithServicePrincipalCertificate` and `loginWithServicePrincipalCertificateWithAuthResponse`, which return `ApplicationTokenCertificateCredentials` | `ClientCertificateCredential`. See the [list subscriptions](#list-subscriptions) section. |

Reviewer: I see this `See the list subscriptions section` in multiple rows. Can we skip it?

Reviewer: If you are going to accept the suggested edit in https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138#discussion_r766372249, then we would have captured it up front, and you wont have to mention it here

Author: Ok!

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/9ded1a0e890beafdedd3afc05b66d55a65d16afa

-   filePath: "<file path to auth file>",
- });
- console.log(authres);
- const credential = authres.credentials;

  const client = new SubscriptionClient(credential);
  const subscriptions = await client.subscriptions.list();
  console.log(subscriptions);
}

main().catch(console.error);
```

### If you use getToken

If direct control of the authentication flow is necessary, call the credential `getToken` method directly.

In `@azure/identity`, all credentials have an asynchronous `getToken` method with standardized response type `AccessToken`. `AccessToken` always contains only two properties:

- `expiresOnTimestamp`, which is a number.
- `token`, which is a string.

Consider the following example of migrating from the `interactiveLogin()` method to the `DeviceCodeCredential`'s `getToken` method:

```diff
- import * as msRestNodeAuth from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { DeviceCodeCredential } from "@azure/identity";

async function main() {
- const credential = await msRestNodeAuth.interactiveLogin();
- const tokenResponse = await credential.getToken();
- console.log(tokenResponse);
+ const credential = new DeviceCodeCredential();

> + const accessToken = await credential.getToken("https://graph.microsoft.com/.default");

Reviewer: Am guessing that the credential from ms-rest-nodeauth uses the ARM endpoint as the "scope" by default. Please check if that is so. If that is correct, then we should use the same in the `getToken()` code snippet here for the credential from azure/identity

Author: The getToken from the ms-rest-nodeauth credential does not receive parameters as far as I could tell.

Author: We have a separate section talking about getToken and its parameters. Identity’s getToken has to receive a scope, so we can’t skip it there.

Reviewer: I was not suggesting that the ms-rest-nodeauth credential's getToken() method takes parameters. I was suggesting that internally, the getToken() call will have to use **some** tokenAudience/scope/resource when making the request to get the token. Check what that is. My guess is that it would be the mgmt scope

Author: ohh I understood now! — Investigating

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth/pull/138/commits/d453c5823fcb0082c97023b71429430e814cc54a

# Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity@^2.0.1

[npm-ms-rest-nodeauth]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
[npm-azure-identity]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity

[`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] is deprecated in favor of [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity].
Our new Identity package supports the same authentication scenarios as `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`,
and includes a variety of new features in a way that remains consistent across languages.

> This document outlines the steps needed to migrate to the identity package [@azure/identity version 2.0.1](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity/v/2.0.1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document outlines the steps needed to migrate to the Identity package [@azure/identity version 2.0.1](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity/v/2.0.1).
```

We also include a summary of the new features only available through `@azure/identity`.

## Table of contents

- [Install @azure/identity](#install-azureidentity)
- [Find your credential](#find-your-credential)
  - [Login methods versus the new credentials](#login-methods-versus-the-new-credentials)
  - [Use getToken](#use-gettoken)
  - [AuthFile to AzureCliCredential](#authfile-to-azureclicredential)
  - [Retrieving subscriptions](#retrieving-subscriptions)
- [Compatible with ms-rest-js](#compatible-with-ms-rest-js)
- [Pass a scope](#pass-a-scope)
- [Authenticate with national clouds](#authenticate-with-national-clouds)
- [New features](#new-features)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Provide feedback](#provide-feedback)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Install @azure/identity

Run the following command to install our new identity package:

```
npm install --save @azure/identity@^2.0.1
```

> Once you're ready to remove `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, you can remove it with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you're ready to remove `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, remove it with:
```

```
npm remove --save @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
```

## Find your credential

> Both `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/identity` expose credential classes used by the Azure SDK clients. Some of these credentials have similar names, but here's a list to more easily find what new credentials to use when migrating to the new `@azure/identity` package:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/identity` expose credential classes used by the Azure SDK clients. Some of these credentials have similar names. Here's a list to more easily find what new credentials to use when migrating to the new `@azure/identity` package:
```

```ts
const { DefaultAzureCredential } = require("@azure/identity");
const { KeyClient } = require("@azure/keyvault-keys");

/**
 * For more information: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity#defaultazurecredential
 */

async function main() {
  const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();

  const keyVaultUrl = `https://key-vault-name.vault.azure.net`;
  const client = new KeyClient(keyVaultUrl, credential);
  
  // After this point, users would generally only use the client methods.

  // Here we retrieve the properties of the existing keys in a Key Vault.
  console.log(await client.listPropertiesOfKeys().next());
}

main();
```

> In the following table, we can see the list of login methods from `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, and their equivalent crednetials on `@azure/identity`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table lists login methods from `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and their equivalent credentials in `@azure/identity`.
```

Up next, we will explore on how to use the credentials' `getToken` methods directly, how to migrate from those login methods that use auth files to the new `@azure/identity` credentials, and how to retrieve the list of subscriptions after migrating.

### Use getToken

In cases where direct control of the authentication flow is necessary, we recommend calling the credential `getToken` method directly.

In `@azure/identity`, all credentials have a `getToken` asynchronous method with standardized response type, `AccessToken`, which always contains only two properties, `expiresOnTimestamp`, which is a number, and `token`, which is a string.

An example migrating from the `interactiveLogin()` to the `DeviceCodeCredential`'s `getToken` method follows:

```diff
- import * as msRestNodeAuth from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { DeviceCodeCredential } from "@azure/identity";

async function main() {
+ const credential = new DeviceCodeCredential();
- const authres = await msRestNodeAuth.interactiveLogin();
- console.log(authres);
+ const accessToken = await credential.getToken("https://graph.microsoft.com/.default");
+ console.log(accessToken);
}

main().catch(console.error);
```

> Using the `getToken` method directly is a necessary step in some authentication flows. For example, when using the [On-Behalf-Of (OBO) flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow). More information on using this authentication flow is available at [Identity Examples - Authenticate on behalf of](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#authenticate-on-behalf-of).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the `getToken` method directly is a necessary step in some authentication flows. For example, when using the [On-Behalf-Of (OBO) flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow). For more information on using this authentication flow, see [Identity Examples - Authenticate on behalf of](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#authenticate-on-behalf-of).
```

Credentials that require user interaction, like the `DeviceCodeCredential`, now also expose a new method `authenticate()` that allows developers to control when to request user interaction. You can read more at [Identity Examples - Control user interaction](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#control-user-interaction).

### AuthFile to AzureCliCredential

Using `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` it is possible to authenticate with the path to a file generated by running the following Azure CLI commands:

> ```

Author: oh wow!

# Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity@^2.0.1

[npm-ms-rest-nodeauth]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
[npm-azure-identity]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity

[`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] is deprecated in favor of [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity].
Our new Identity package supports the same authentication scenarios as `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`,
and includes a variety of new features in a way that remains consistent across languages.
This document outlines the steps needed to migrate to the Identity package [@azure/identity version 2.0.1](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity/v/2.0.1). Also included is a summary of the new features only available through `@azure/identity`.

## Table of contents

- [Install @azure/identity](#install-azureidentity)
- [Find your credential](#find-your-credential)
  - [Login methods versus the new credentials](#login-methods-versus-the-new-credentials)
  - [Use getToken](#use-gettoken)
  - [AuthFile to AzureCliCredential](#authfile-to-azureclicredential)
  - [Retrieve subscriptions](#retrieve-subscriptions)

> - [Compatibility with ms-rest-js](#compatible-with-ms-rest-js)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Compatibility with @azure/ms-rest-js](#compatibility-with-azurems-rest-js)
```

The following diff shows the code changes needed to migrate from `loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse` to the `AzureCliCredential`:

```diff
- import * as msRestNodeAuth from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/identity";

async function main() {
+ const credential = new AzureCliCredential();
- const authres = await msRestNodeAuth.msRestNodeAuth.loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse({
-   filePath: "<file path to auth file>",
- });
- console.log(authres);
+ const accessToken = await credential.getToken("https://graph.microsoft.com/.default");
+ console.log(accessToken);
}

main().catch(console.error);
```

### Retrieve subscriptions

While some of the `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` methods return an `AuthResponse` type containing the authenticated credential and a list of subscriptions, retrieving Azure subscriptions isn't integrated in the `@azure/identity` package. This feature is available through the external [`@azure/arm-subscriptions`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-subscriptions) package.

First, install `@azure/arm-subscriptions` by running the following command:

```

> npm install @azure/arm-subscriptions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
npm install --save @azure/arm-subscriptions
```

```

Then, use any of the `@azure/identity` credentials to retrieve the account subscriptions, as follows:

```ts
import { DefaultAzureCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { SubscriptionClient } from "@azure/arm-subscriptions";
const subscriptionId = process.env["AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID"];

async function main() {
  const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
  const client = new SubscriptionClient(credential, subscriptionId);
  const subscriptions = await client.subscriptions.list();
}

main();
```

`@azure/arm-subscriptions` is compatible with both `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/identity`. More information on this compatibility is available in the following section.

> ## Compatibility with ms-rest-js

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Compatibility with @azure/ms-rest-js
```

The following example code shows how to migrate from using `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`'s `tokenAudience` to `@azure/identity`'s `getToken`, with a scope that grants Key Vault access:

```diff
- import { interactiveLogin } from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/identity";

async function main() {
-  const authResponse = await interactiveLogin({
-    tokenAudience: "https://vault.azure.net/"
-  });
+  const credential = new AzureCliCredential("https://vault.azure.net/.default");
}

main().catch(console.error);
```

## Authenticate with national clouds

While for `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, you would use `@azure/ms-rest-azure-env` to specify a national cloud, on `@azure/identity`, you will need to provide an `authorityHost` through the credentials' constructor and the correct `scope` through the `getToken` method.

> `@azure/identity` offers a utility object `AzureAuthorityHosts` that contains authority hosts of common national clouds. Here's an example on how to authenticate with national clouds using `@azure/identity`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`@azure/identity` offers a utility object `AzureAuthorityHosts` that contains authority hosts of common national clouds. Here's an example of authenticating with national clouds using `@azure/identity`:
```

const domain = process.env.AZURE_TENANT_ID;
const tenantId = process.env.AZURE_TENANT_ID;
const secret = "process.env.AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET;
const tokenAudience = "https://graph.microsoft.com/";
- const environment = Environment.ChinaCloud;

async function main() {
- const credential = new ApplicationTokenCredentials(clientId, domain, secret, tokenAudience, environment);
+ const credential = new ClientSecretCredential(tenantId, clientId, secret, tokenAudience, {
+  authorityHost: AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureChina
+ });
  const client = new SubscriptionClient(credential, {
-  baseUri: environment.resourceManagerEndpointUrl,
+  baseUri: "https://management.chinacloudapi.cn"
  });

  const subscriptions = await client.subscriptions.list();
  console.log(subscriptions);
}

main().catch(console.error);
```

## New features

`@azure/identity` also includes a new set of features only available after upgrading. Some of them are:

- `DefaultAzureCredential`, a credential that simplifies getting started with the SDK by using credentials available in the environment, using:
  - Environment variables.
  - Or environment-specific credentials available on deployed Azure services.

>   - Or credentials previously used to authenticate Visual Studio Code plugins.

Author: I.. I think I meant both the extension https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.azure-account and the plugin https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity-vscode 😆

What about this?

```suggestion
  - Or credentials previously used to authenticate Visual Studio Code [extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.azure-account) (which requires the [@azure/identity-vscode plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity-vscode)).
```

>   - Or credentials previously used to authenticate Visual Studio Code plugins.

Reviewer 2: Add the words "via the" before "Visual Studio Code", and then your suggestion looks good.

  - Or an account logged into the Azure CLI.
  - Or an account logged in via PowerShell.
- `EnvironmentCredential` reads values from the environment variables, then uses the appropriate credential to authenticate. Environment variables may include: 

>   - `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`.
>   - `AZURE_TENANT_ID`.
>   - `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`.
>   - `AZURE_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PATH`.
>   - `AZURE_USERNAME`.
>   - `AZURE_PASSWORD`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`
  - `AZURE_TENANT_ID`
  - `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`
  - `AZURE_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PATH`
  - `AZURE_USERNAME`
  - `AZURE_PASSWORD`
```

- `PowerShellCredential` authenticates with credentials previously used on Microsoft PowerShell.

> - `ManagedIdentityCredential` authenticates applications deployed on Azure services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `ManagedIdentityCredential` authenticates apps deployed on Azure services.
```

# Migrate from @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth to @azure/identity@^2.0.1

[npm-ms-rest-nodeauth]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
[npm-azure-identity]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity

[`@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`][npm-ms-rest-nodeauth] is deprecated in favor of [`@azure/identity`][npm-azure-identity].
Our new Identity package supports the same authentication scenarios as `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`,
and includes a variety of new features in a way that remains consistent across languages.

> This document outlines the steps needed to migrate to the Identity package [@azure/identity version 2.0.1](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity/v/2.0.1).
> We also include a summary of the new features only available through `@azure/identity`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document outlines the steps needed to migrate to the Identity package [@azure/identity version 2.0.1](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity/v/2.0.1). Also included is a summary of the new features only available through `@azure/identity`.
```

## Table of contents

- [Install @azure/identity](#install-azureidentity)
- [Find your credential](#find-your-credential)
  - [Login methods versus the new credentials](#login-methods-versus-the-new-credentials)
  - [Use getToken](#use-gettoken)
  - [AuthFile to AzureCliCredential](#authfile-to-azureclicredential)
  - [Retrieve subscriptions](#retrieve-subscriptions)

> - [Compatible with ms-rest-js](#compatible-with-ms-rest-js)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Compatibility with ms-rest-js](#compatible-with-ms-rest-js)
```

- [Pass a scope](#pass-a-scope)
- [Authenticate with national clouds](#authenticate-with-national-clouds)
- [New features](#new-features)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Provide feedback](#provide-feedback)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Install @azure/identity

> Run the following command to install our new identity package:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following command to install the new Identity client library:
```

```
npm install --save @azure/identity@^2.0.1
```

Once you're ready to remove `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, remove it with:

```
npm remove --save @azure/ms-rest-nodeauth
```

## Find your credential

> Both `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/identity` expose credential classes used by the Azure SDK clients. Some of these credentials have similar names. Here's a list to more easily find what new credentials to use when migrating to the new `@azure/identity` package:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/identity` expose credential classes used by the Azure SDK clients. Some of these credentials have similar names. Here's a list to more easily find what new credentials to use when migrating to the new `@azure/identity` library:
```

> | _@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth_ credential name | _@azure/identity_ credential name |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` credential name | `@azure/identity` credential name |
```

Author: Since this is the title, I think it looks worse with code quotes here 🤔 but I could be wrong.

Reviewer 2: I suggested it because there are plans to eventually publish migration guides to docs.microsoft.com. When that happens, content will be localized via machine translation. A package name like this will be mangled by the translation tool if not code-fenced.

Author: ohhh ok ok! thank you 👍 I’ll commit this change!

| --- | --- |
| `ApplicationTokenCredentials` | `ClientSecretCredential` |
| `ApplicationTokenCertificateCredentials` | `ClientCertificateCredential` |
| `DeviceTokenCredentials` | `DeviceCodeCredential` |
| `MSIAppServiceTokenCredentials` | `ManagedIdentityCredential` |
| `MSITokenCredentials` | `ManagedIdentityCredential` |
| `MSIVmTokenCredentials` | `ManagedIdentityCredential` |
| `UserTokenCredentials` | `UsernamePasswordCredential` |

### Login methods versus the new credentials

> Besides credentials, `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` also exposes methods that authenticate before returning the authenticated credential (and the list of subscriptions available for the authenticated account). These methods are prefixed by `loginWith` or end in `Login`, like `loginWithServicePrincipalSecretWithAuthResponse` or `interactiveLogin`. The `@azure/identity` package does not expose equivalent methods. Our HTTP pipelines will manage the authentication, including the caching and refreshing of tokens internally, so developers would only pass the credential to the constructor of one of our clients, and then continue focusing mainly on calling the client methods, as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Besides credentials, `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` also exposes methods that authenticate before returning the authenticated credential (and the list of subscriptions available for the authenticated account). These methods are prefixed with `loginWith` or suffixed with `Login`. For example, `loginWithServicePrincipalSecretWithAuthResponse` or `interactiveLogin`. The `@azure/identity` package doesn't expose equivalent methods. Our HTTP pipelines will manage the authentication, including the caching and refreshing of tokens internally. Developers only pass the credential to the constructor of a client, and then continue focusing mainly on calling the client methods. For example:
```

| --- | --- |
| `interactiveLogin` | `DeviceCodeCredential` |
| `loginWithUsernamePassword` | `UsernamePasswordCredential` |
| `loginWithUsernamePasswordWithAuthResponse` | `UsernamePasswordCredential`. See the [auth-response](#auth-response) section. |
| `loginWithServicePrincipalSecret` | `ClientSecretCredential` |
| `loginWithAuthFile` | `AzureCliCredential`. See [auth file](#auth-file) section. |
| `loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse` | `AzureCliCredential`. See the [auth file](#auth-file) section and the [auth-response](#auth-response) section. |
| `loginWithVmMSI` | `ManagedIdentityCredential` |
| `loginWithAppServiceMSI` | `ManagedIdentityCredential` |
| `loginWithServicePrincipalCertificate` | `ClientCertificateCredential` |
| `loginWithServicePrincipalCertificateWithAuthResponse` | `ClientCertificateCredential`. See the [auth-response](#auth-response) section. |

Next, we'll explore how to:

- Use the credentials' `getToken` methods directly.
- Migrate from those login methods that use auth files to the new `@azure/identity` credentials.
- Retrieve the list of subscriptions after migrating.

### Use getToken

> In cases where direct control of the authentication flow is necessary, we recommend calling the credential `getToken` method directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If direct control of the authentication flow is necessary, call the credential `getToken` method directly.
```

In `@azure/identity`, all credentials have an asynchronous `getToken` method with standardized response type `AccessToken`. `AccessToken` always contains only two properties:

- `expiresOnTimestamp`, which is a number.
- `token`, which is a string.

> An example migrating from the `interactiveLogin()` to the `DeviceCodeCredential`'s `getToken` method follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider the following example of migrating from the `interactiveLogin()` method to the `DeviceCodeCredential`'s `getToken` method:
```

```diff
- import * as msRestNodeAuth from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { DeviceCodeCredential } from "@azure/identity";

async function main() {
+ const credential = new DeviceCodeCredential();
- const authres = await msRestNodeAuth.interactiveLogin();
- console.log(authres);
+ const accessToken = await credential.getToken("https://graph.microsoft.com/.default");
+ console.log(accessToken);
}

main().catch(console.error);
```

Using the `getToken` method directly is a necessary step in some authentication flows. For example, when using the [On-Behalf-Of (OBO) flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow). For more information on using this authentication flow, see [Identity Examples - Authenticate on behalf of](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#authenticate-on-behalf-of).

> Credentials that require user interaction, like the `DeviceCodeCredential`, now also expose a new method `authenticate()` that allows developers to control when to request user interaction. You can read more at [Identity Examples - Control user interaction](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#control-user-interaction).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Credentials that require user interaction, like the `DeviceCodeCredential`, now also expose a new `authenticate()` method. This method allows developers to control when to request user interaction. For more information, see [Identity Examples - Control user interaction](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#control-user-interaction).
```

  filePath: "<file path to auth file>",
}
msRestNodeAuth.loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse(options).then((authRes) => {
  console.log(authRes);
  console.log(process.env["AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID"]);
}).catch(console.error);
```

Auth files would contain critical information about the account logged in, such as secrets and certificates.

`@azure/identity` instead has `AzureCliCredential`, which uses the account logged in through the Azure CLI (by calling to `az login` before running your Node.js program).

The following diff shows the code changes needed to migrate from `loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse` to the `AzureCliCredential`:

```diff
- import * as msRestNodeAuth from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/identity";

async function main() {
+ const credential = new AzureCliCredential();
- const authres = await msRestNodeAuth.msRestNodeAuth.loginWithAuthFileWithAuthResponse({
-   filePath: "<file path to auth file>",
- });
- console.log(authres);
+ const accessToken = await credential.getToken("https://graph.microsoft.com/.default");
+ console.log(accessToken);
}

main().catch(console.error);
```

### Retrieve subscriptions

> While some of the `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` methods return an `AuthResponse` type containing the authenticated credential and a list of subscriptions, retrieving Azure subscriptions is not integrated in the `@azure/identity` package. This feature is available through an external package: [`@azure/arm-subscriptions`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-subscriptions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While some of the `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` methods return an `AuthResponse` type containing the authenticated credential and a list of subscriptions, retrieving Azure subscriptions isn't integrated in the `@azure/identity` package. This feature is available through the external [`@azure/arm-subscriptions`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-subscriptions) package.
```

> First, make sure to install `@azure/arm-subscriptions` by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, install `@azure/arm-subscriptions` by running the following command:
```

```
npm install @azure/arm-subscriptions
```

> Then, you can use any of the `@azure/identity` credentials to retrieve the account subscriptions, as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, use any of the `@azure/identity` credentials to retrieve the account subscriptions, as follows:
```

```ts
import { DefaultAzureCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { SubscriptionClient } from "@azure/arm-subscriptions";
const subscriptionId = process.env["AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID"];

async function main() {
  const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
  const client = new SubscriptionClient(credential, subscriptionId);
  const subscriptions = await client.subscriptions.list();
}

main();
```

`@azure/arm-subscriptions` is compatible with both `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/identity`. More information on this compatibility is available in the following section.

> ## Compatible with ms-rest-js

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Compatibility with ms-rest-js
```

All the packages that work with `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` are compatible with `@azure/identity` credentials. `@azure/arm-subscriptions` is one of those packages. An example migrating to `@azure/identity` follows:

```diff
- import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { SubscriptionClient } from "@azure/arm-subscriptions";
const subscriptionId = process.env["AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID"];

async function main() {
  const credential = new AzureCliCredential();
  const client = new SubscriptionClient(credential, subscriptionId);
  const subscriptions = await client.subscriptions.list();
}

main().catch(console.error);
```

> Keep in mind that the new Azure SDK clients are not compatible with the `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that the new Azure SDK clients are incompatible with the `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` credentials.
```

> The SDK clients intended to work with `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` will extend a [`ServiceClient`][service-client-track-1-source] class that comes from `@azure/ms-rest-js`. Clients designed to work with `@azure/identity` will extend the [`ServiceClient`][service-client-track-2-source] class coming from `@azure/core-client`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SDK clients intended to work with `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` extend a [`ServiceClient`][service-client-track-1-source] class from `@azure/ms-rest-js`. Clients designed to work with `@azure/identity` extend the [`ServiceClient`][service-client-track-2-source] class from `@azure/core-client`.
```

| | `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` | `@azure/identity` |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [`@azure/ms-rest-js` ServiceClient][service-client-track-1-source] | ✅ | ✅ |
| [`@azure/core-client` ServiceClient][service-client-track-2-source] | ❌ | ✅ |

[service-client-track-1-source]: https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-js/blob/master/lib/serviceClient.ts#L165
[service-client-track-2-source]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/core/core-client/src/serviceClient.ts#L56

## Pass a scope

> In `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, a `tokenAudience` could be passed through the constructor of the credentials, or a `resource` passed through the `AccessTokenOptions` of the `getAccessToken` method. In `@azure/identity`, we call them **scopes**, and they are sent as the first parameter to the credentials' `getToken` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, a `tokenAudience` can be passed through the constructor of the credentials. Alternatively, a `resource` can be passed through the `AccessTokenOptions` of the `getAccessToken` method. In `@azure/identity`, we call them **scopes**. They're sent as the first parameter to the credentials' `getToken` method.
```

While scopes (or resources) are generally provided to the new credentials internally by the Azure SDK clients, a scope is necessary in the authentication flows where it's required to call to `getToken` directly.

> Scopes generally include permissions. For example, to request a token that could have read access to the currently authenticated user, the scope would be `https://graph.microsoft.com/User.Read`. An application may also request any available permission, as defined through the app registration on the portal, by sending a request ending in `/.default` as the scope. More information about Azure scopes and permissions is available at [Permissions and consent in the Microsoft identity platform](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-permissions-and-consent).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scopes generally include permissions. For example, to request a token that could have read access to the currently authenticated user, the scope would be `https://graph.microsoft.com/User.Read`. An app may also request any available permission, as defined through the app registration on the Azure portal, by sending a request ending in `/.default` as the scope. For more information about Azure scopes and permissions, see [Permissions and consent in the Microsoft identity platform](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-permissions-and-consent).
```

```diff
- import { interactiveLogin } from "@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth";
+ import { AzureCliCredential } from "@azure/identity";

async function main() {
-  const authResponse = await interactiveLogin({
-    tokenAudience: "https://vault.azure.net/"
-  });
+  const credential = new AzureCliCredential("https://vault.azure.net/.default");
}

main().catch(console.error);
```

## Authenticate with national clouds

While for `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth`, you would use `@azure/ms-rest-azure-env` to specify a national cloud, on `@azure/identity`, you will need to provide an `authorityHost` through the credentials' constructor and the correct `scope` through the `getToken` method.

`@azure/identity` offers a utility object `AzureAuthorityHosts` that contains authority hosts of common national clouds. Here's an example on how to authenticate with national clouds using `@azure/identity`:

```ts
import { AzureAuthorityHosts, ClientSecretCredential } from "@azure/identity";
const credential = new ClientSecretCredential(
  "<YOUR_TENANT_ID>",
  "<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>",
  "<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>",
  {
    authorityHost: AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureGovernment
  }
);
```

> As before, you will continue to specify a `baseUri` when creating the client in the Azure package to point to the correct scope in the national cloud you're working with. A complete example follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As before, specify a `baseUri` when creating the client in the Azure package to point to the correct scope in the national cloud you're working with. A complete example follows:
```

- `AuthorizationCodeCredential` uses the [Authorization Code Flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/authorization-code-flow).
- `OnBehalfOfCredential` uses the [On-Behalf-Of flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow).

And two plugin packages:

- [@azure/identity-cache-persistence](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity-cache-persistence) adds a persistence layer to the credentials cache.
- [@azure/identity-vscode](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity-vscode) lets users authenticate through the credentials used on the Visual Studio Code editor through the [Azure Account](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.azure-account) extension.

You can find more information about the new features in:

- The [@azure/identity README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/README.md).
- The [advanced samples on @azure/identity](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md).

## Troubleshooting

> On `@azure/identity`, we provide a [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/Troubleshooting.md), which includes solutions to many common problems users have encountered. Errors and exception logs on the new package link to this troubleshooting guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For `@azure/identity`, see the [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/Troubleshooting.md). The guide includes solutions to many common problems users have encountered. Errors and exception logs on the new package link to this troubleshooting guide.
```
